Fix readme.license from Beman Standard in README.md (#8)
bemanproject/indices_view: README.md

> (e.g. HEAD/nightly).
> These development environments are verified using our CI configuration.

## License

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.indices_views is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.
```

Typo in library name.
